because if there is an opportunity like that if
there is an exit amen
we bring you now one of the most feathers
fine the military republic only seen
in the letters Dominican Republic the
got lutero
with yaniris I saw part learn southern and
its stem is smoked I come with mouth of
thunder and with radio rules learned
of those people any way and hopefully
because there are of my gospel what
callus and I know that they failure
I want to support and in works from being
that I have in the part that advisable
when you want to kill they started my
riva so think hold on start
restless that you were on him I had
the idea instead of removing those from giving the
problems and then do not come to me say I
He does not hear you and feels the same way
that he condemns you does not have to be
but it was the pipe I know that for
get to see your gut went the
effect and improve the concept of a
perfect moment that you like together here
it's written they tied it and for you what
hung after the grave nor his
body found they removed they searched
sport did not find could not death in
your house married
to another space where I can
festivity
another air against space something ground
what you want to talk about and a blood
innocent blood that there is the error that
you always commit all your injuries
Christ who is getting this change
whole if in your life he gets involved and I know
which it is strong understands strong itches
that this world is about any
thematic if you're confused jesus is
feel and explain to you that no matter what
did you do it because I 'm justifying you
that means they killed him and crack you
you start to get fat and the point of
break you do not really laugh what you
I'm saying I'm giving you a light
more clarita that the plan where I was to
find this love of which I speak if by
you on the cross by not hitting a contract anymore
it hurts really I think it was not you
I am for fear that your nation
blessed to fly
Slowly where you can
clothed
another air another space something just
ah
I think you already understood everything that you
we wanted to say yes if there is a chance amen
run right now to church more
near where Jesus Christ is spoken
as the king of kings and lord of lords
the delivery of your life and discover another
space that the republic me state